- How's Medium as a service? No idea, but looks very clean. Ain't I the member? I can do all. Problem remains though what will I do with the existing blog and the posts? There's a lot of traffic I get to the individual posts and I don't want to let it go down the drain. But how much is that? There are more posts that hardly get any interaction than ones that get some. #meta 
- It's pretty clear that my problem is not the blogging engine. I am just delaying what I want to do -- write. Moving away from social media platform might not have helped the way I thought it would. Sigh! This is so unfortunate. #writing 
- I ran out of the 100 searches that Kagi provides to try the system. I don't think I am going to upgrade to the starter plan as much as they want me to. My problem with Kagi is there is just not enough differentiation. It does search well, but so does DDG. Why then should I pay for something that I already have a free, private option for? In absence of DDG, Kagi would have been the default choice. #tools
- Blot.im is running. But I cannot use it anymore. It doesn't accept Indian credit cards as they don't support multiple factors we use for validation here in India. Plus David is not responding to the support emails anymore. So I have no way to subscribe to the service. #meta 
- So many people use WordPress -- it's the default blogging engine for so many. It also tells me all the active bloggers do not overthink about their blogging habits. They do not think about how they are going to post or from where or how they should manage images. Nothing. They don't worry about any of that. They just write - simply write. Exactly what I don't do. Sigh! #meta 
- I have spent a lot of time to get my website just right -- to my liking. Do I really want to spend some more time to build it again on some other platform? I shouldn't. #meta
- I have tried **Kirby CMS** today. Though I love the platform, I don't think I am going to use this. It's too much work for a simple blog. It's as good as hosting and maintaining a whole website. Also, with my fiddling nature, keeping up with the changes won't be easy. Plus moving the posts away from this CMS is going to be near impossible. I can do that as a side project, but I don't want to. To be frank, I don't know how I am going to scratch my fiddling itch -- I need a change. I am not able to figure it out yet. #meta 